mgmt: mcumgr: lib: fs: Add file read/write access callback (#44076)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/services/device_mgmt/smp_groups/smp_group_8.rst

locked in any way or exclusively owned by mcumgr, for the time of download
session, and may change between requests or even be removed.

.. note::

>     By default, all file upload requests are unconditionally allowed, however if
>     the Kconfig option `FS_MGMT_FILE_ACCESS_HOOK` is enabled, than an
>     application can register a handler for a `fs_mgmt_on_evt_cb` callback which
>     can be used to allow or decline access to reading from/writing to a
>     particular file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, all file upload requests are unconditionally allowed. However, if
    the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`FS_MGMT_FILE_ACCESS_HOOK` is enabled,
    then an application can register a handler for a ``fs_mgmt_on_evt_cb`` callback. This
    can be used to allow or decline access to reading from/writing to a
    particular file.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed

    of bool flag indicating in-progress upload, last successfully uploaded offset
    and total length only.

> .. note::

Reviewer: Similar comments here

Reviewer 2: Fixed
